is your job secure is the economy in a
recession what is going on you can't
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you in today's video we are going to
answer all of those questions it's
important to understand information in
depth looking not only at the obvious
technical indicators and the stuff you
see in the news but the anecdotal
information starts to tell a very
important story so we'll pay attention
to those we'll bring it all all together
wrap it up with a nice little bow on top
and deliver it to you as fast as I
possibly can so let's begin the first
thing we need to look at is Air Canada
says Freight demand beginning to improve
very good sign this is a good sign we
want to pay attention to Freight every
type of Freight Logistics I want to know
Imports I want to know exports I want to
know what's going on with every single
country like what's going on with the
semiconductors what's happening with all
different types of cargo what's going on
at the ports I study this stuff not just
for the money GPS but of course in my
physical products business I want to
know what's going on on all levels I
bring you the information condensed down
this is good but it's only one piece of
the puzzle all right management
anticipates cargo growth with their
Dreamliners of course you can see this
they're obviously saying that in part
because it it's relying on their
earnings their profits uh you know they
need to show good stuff so they can get
more investment so they have a reason to
talk like this too right remember that
Germany is likely to fall into a
recession this is according to the
central bank themselves saying it but
was very funny very funny uh as you can
see right here uh this second second
second consecutive decline in economic
output would put the German economy into
a technical recession oh that's right
but it says here at the bottom however
still no evidence of a recession in a
sense of a persistent broad-based and
distinct drop in economic activity nor
is such a recession currently on the
cards so yes it's a recession but come
on guys it's not a recession all right
like that's what they're saying yes it
is a recession based on the way that we
talk about recession in every previous
cycle but we're not going to call it
that because come on come on like it's
just like it's so
ridiculous it's a recession just say
it's a recession it's okay it's okay
just say what you're going to do to get
out of it do you have a plan oh oh I
know you're G to print a whole bunch of
money yeah that's what they're all going
to do they're going to print money
they're going to use deficits they're
going to use debt and that means you
will get less you understand every time
they print money you get less services
you get less services do you understand
that your roads your Bridges your
infrastructure your health care is
reduced every time they go out there and
pump in the cash people don't realize
that you should be upset every time
they're going to spend money and the
same thing with the Federal Reserve
everyone cheers them
on they've been cheering them oh cut
interest rates cut interest rates then
they bring up then the inflation goes on
then they increase interest rates and
your interest rates too high you're
strangling the
economy like it's it's it's crazy to see
how ignorant most people are just
reacting to what's going on and not
understanding this in a historical
sense this is Jeffrey golock the bond
King talking about the pce personal
consumption expenditure this is the
measurement of inflation that the
Federal Reserve loves to check out this
is what they say all right
now that cannot go up and have the FED
talking about cutting interest rates and
so that has started to come up during
this period of time and so if they need
to keep interest rates higher the higher
they stay the longer they stay there the
worse it is on the economy there's no
question about that particularly I
should say with the stock market uh
there's you're you're so addicted to
these rates being at zero they're just
dying please get those rates down is it
gonna happen H I don't know conference
board gives up on us recession call I
mean this is hilarious it's not a sitcom
guys I'm not I'm not like this is a real
article of
roers the conference board abandoned a
long running call for the US economy to
fall into a recession although the
leading indic uh economic index still
sees economic output flatlining in the
months ahead okay so there are now no
longer the Federal Reserve and of course
the conference board both are saying no
recession in the United States so there
it is what do you think put it in the
comments let me know do you think we are
actually in a recession in the United
States if you are in Canada same thing
depending on where you are put that in
there please let's get that conversation
going I I want to hear your thoughts do
you agree with the conference board no
soft Landing the US economy is going to
fall into a recession in the middle of
2024 this is according to City Bank so
it depends who you
ask there's no question about it you
look at a different set of data you get
a different picture isn't that the case
right January wholesale prices rise more
than expected another sign of persistent
inflation so when we look at wholesale
prices PPI
personal excuse me the producer price
index that's something that for a lot of
people they don't see right you're not
you're not focusing on a PPI that came
up in CNBC or whatever most people don't
touch on it that mean it's not going to
come up in your regular newspaper or a
regular you know your just generic sort
of thing you're going to get in quote
unquote
inflation and that's usually what
they'll show you is the the CPI so this
ppi is what comes before the CPI because
the producer price the raw materials
that are used to make the things that
you buy at the store that has now gone
up so it Rose more than expected
and that is in effect a
concern because we're relying on on
rates being cut okay so let's keep an
eye on this I will do so here on this
channel give a thumbs up so that it is
then likely that you will get this in
your feed and I will bring this to you I
promise I will bring you the data and
Link it back to this one
here FedEx founder issues dire warning
about unsus stainable government debt
the founder has added his voice to the
chorus of views expressing concern about
the outof control
spending it's
hilarious that basically everybody says
this but what is the solution oh I know
you got to go into way more debt you got
to do a universal basic
income you've got
to basically you know with this printing
money it's got to go crazy when the next
Crisis occurs this is the quote unquote
solution that they will provide the
World Bank is saying that emerging
economies must grow faster to repay
their debt do you see the problem here
do you see what I did here they're
telling you there's too much debt the
deficits are too high you've got a
problem what is the solution oh okay we
need to grow faster how do we grow
faster we reduce interest rates all the
way to Rock Bottom and we print a whole
bunch of money do you not see the issue
here it's wild I mean I cannot believe
it I can't believe it yeah you got to
grow more but are they going to reduce
taxes considerably oh no they're going
to increase taxes are they going to
figure out a way to get people to
incentivize people to go out and spend
money figure out a way to get the
economy going again try to get
entrepreneurs to build and hire people
from their actual cities local
people are they going to incentivize
people to grow food and be more
self-sufficient so that we don't suck
all the
resource from you know where they're
basically scalping off people siphoning
everything from from people instead of
becoming
self-sufficient no no none of that none
of that is going to happen you are going
to own nothing and be happy why can't
you understand that can't you understand
that the world economic Forum are your
overlords and they are going to command
you and decide that you got to eat the
Crickets you got to eat the bugs Ah
that's right you got a problem by the
way which is a demographics issue this
is pushing everybody into a corner
pushing the economies into a corner
where I believe the only way out okay
look let me just cover this first the
working age versus the elderly
population percentage of the total
population so essentially the working
age
people less of those and yet there's
more elderly people so you've got a
heavier and heavier burden on those that
are still working right
now the in the end here what can we see
there's going to be more expenditure on
Healthcare okay let's let's let's agree
to that we're going to experience more
debt deficits will get worse
likely
okay so as a result of this you can
expect a few things your
services that you are used to today will
likely be cut you will not have access
to the same Services you did today or
the ones you will need in the near
future you will have less you will pay
more for those same
Services you will have to deal with
less all right there was a clip that I
have seen years
ago of I believe it was the young
younger Roth child okay the guy with a
beard and you know he's all into the
carbon stuff and
whatever I could not find I've looked
for it many times before if somebody has
it please let me know where he says
you're going to have to learn to live
with
less it was it was him somebody was kind
of I think they got into a some I think
he was up on stage at some point when he
came offstage he was kind of around the
people and the guy had uh he was
recording him and they were talking back
and forth and there's there's the main
clip is the one that circulates online
but there's another clip where he says
that he says you are going to have to
learn to live with less and that was so
powerful to me I watched several times
it was been many many years since I've
seen that if anyone seen that one I I'm
pretty sure it was the Rothchild guy um
that to me is what they have planned for
you you have to do something about it
the one thing that I personally teach is
being able to be geographically
Diversified have income coming from all
over the world and be able to pick up
and go at a moment's notice how do you
do that I talk about this on the Sun
Sunday live class on the Sunday live
class that's the business class I teach
people how to build a business online
which does exactly that if you're
interested in more detail the money
gps.com
slive there's a link in the
description I would highly recommend
joining the small group of people that
we have in there that are learning each
and every week really truly learning how
to mitigate this absolute
disaster from happening to them I hope
you to see you there hit the thumbs up
button on the way out and of course as
always I'll see you tomorrow take care